## TCP samples

This folder stores some examples showing how to set up and use the objects inside **MinimalSocket** in order to use **tcp** connections.
Each sample requires to run multiple processes at the same time. This is automatically done by some shell scripts, which are NOT contained in this folder. Indeed, such scipts are generated in the bin folder, after running **TcpScriptsGenerator**, which generates all scripts without launching it. 
Each process pertaining to a sample is run in a dedicated window.

After generating the scripts, you can run them to see what the samples do.
In particular, 3 scripts can be generated, representative of 3 classes of samples:

- **tcp01_server_client**: 
    -runs **TcpServer**, creating a tcp server that binds and listen to a specified port
    -runs **TcpClient**, creating a tcp client that connections to the previous server, exchanging messages with it. 

- **tcp02_server_3_clients**: 
    -runs **TcpServer**, creating a tcp server that binds and listen to a specified port
    -runs **TcpClient**, creating a first tcp client that connections to the previous server, exchanging messages with it. 
    -runs **TcpClient**, creating a second tcp client that connections to the previous server, exchanging messages with it with a different frequency. 

- **tcp03_chain_size_4** has the aim of creating a chain of connected processes. More in detail: 
    -runs **TcpServer**, creating a tcp server that binds and listen to a specified port
    -runs a series of **TcpRepeater**, creating a tcp client that connects to the previous process in the chain and a tcp server waitning for the connection request from the next element in the chain
    -runs **TcpClient**, connecting to the last spawned process of the chain
    The last client sends some requests, which are forward along the chain till the first server. This latter, sends a response that is backwarded along the chain till xoming back to the first client.

**TcpServer** and **TcpClient** can be also used as stand alone processes, in order to check connections on local processes or the ones stored in a different host. Check the sources (or the scripts generated by **TcpScriptsGenerator**) for the syntax of the accepted arguments.
