## UDP samples

This folder stores some examples showing how to set up and use the objects inside **MinimalSocket** in order to use **udp** connections.
Each sample requires to run multiple processes at the same time. This is automatically done by some shell scripts, which are NOT contained in this folder. Indeed, such scipts are generated in the bin folder, after running **UdpScriptsGenerator**, which generates all scripts without launching it. 
Each process pertaining to a sample is run in a dedicated window.

ATTENTION!!! The Samples execution might be blocked the first time by your firewall: set up properly your firewall or run the samples with the [administrator privileges](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/4961/administrative-privileges#:~:text=Administrative%20privileges%20are%20the%20ability,as%20a%20database%20management%20system.)

After generating the scripts, you can run them to see what the samples do.
In particular, 3 scripts can be generated, representative of 3 classes of samples:

- **udp01_responder_asker**: 
    -runs **UdpResponder**, creating a udp socket that binds a specified port
    -runs **UdpAsker**, creating a udp socket that binds another port and exchanges messages with the first spawned udp socket. 

- **udp02_connecting_responder_asker**: 
    -runs **UdpResponder**, creating a udp socket that binds a specified port, then connects to the first udp socket reaching it.
    -runs **UdpAsker**, creating a udp socket that binds another port and exchanges messages with the first spawned udp socket. 
    After the connection, the first socket can't exchange messages with other peers. You can verify this by running a second **UdpAsker** sending requests to the port specified for the first **UdpResponder**: they will be always not satisfied.

- **udp03_responder_2_askers**:
    -runs **UdpResponder**, creating a udp socket that binds a specified port
    -runs **UdpAsker**, creating a first udp socket that binds another port and exchanges messages with the first spawned udp socket. 
    -runs **UdpAsker**, creating a second udp socket that binds another port and exchanges messages with the first spawned udp socket.
    The socket created in **UdpResponder** is able fufllfill the requests of both clients, as it is an un-connected udp socket. On the opposite, the one created in **udp02_connecting_responder_asker** is connecting to the first peer sending a message and that's why it would not be able to answer the requests of a third udp socket.

**UdpAsker** and **UdpResponder** can be also used as stand alone processes, in order to check connections on local processes or the ones stored in a different host. Check the sources (or the scripts generated by **UdpScriptsGenerator**) for the syntax of the accepted arguments.

